[docs] Update Optimization Options (#20216)
openxla/iree: docs/website/docs/guides/deployment-configurations/snippets/_iree-optimization-options.md

???+ tip "Tip - Compiler Optimizations"

>     Use `--iree-opt-level` to control compiler optimizations. See [Optimization Options](../../reference/optimization-options.md) for more details.

Reviewer: How about making this more concrete for easier copy/paste by spelling out the choices: `--iree-opt-level=[O0,O1,O2,O3]`?

We could also put a bit more context here so that a user can make an informed decision without needing to visit a separate page. The separate page can include additional context and more detail.

I made an attempt:

```suggestion
    Use `--iree-opt-level=[O0,O1,O2,O3]` to enable additional compiler
    optimizations. The default value of `O0` enables only minimal optimizations
    while higher levels enable progressively more aggressive or conditionally
    applicable optimizations. See
    [Optimization Options](../../reference/optimization-options.md) for full
    details.
```

In context that looks like this:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e1f6e81-598a-4a81-98ce-ca0666f063e1)
